README.md, before:

# Project Name
FFMpeg-Easy2Use

## Description
This Project provide a FFMpeg command generator based on HTML and JavaScript.
FFMpeg have complicated parameters and might be hard to use without reading long docs or searching online.
The purpose of this project is to build a Light GUI to help users easier to generate common FFMpeg Code.

V1.0.0
## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Features
- Only generate command for FFMpeg.
- Web based, light and easy to open and use.
- Feature 3: Brief explanation.

## Installation
This is a project only based on HTML and JavaScript, you can directly download the source code zip file and unzip it.

### Prerequisites
To use the generated command, you might need to install FFMpeg on your own.
For this project, web Browser is required.
Chromium based browser like Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge are recommanded.

### Steps
Open index.html directly to start.
You can also use Git to clone the repository directtly and open index.html to start.

Commit message:

v1.0.1 fixed video quality undefined bug

README.md, after:

# Project Name
FFMpeg-Easy2Use

## Description
This Project provide a FFMpeg command generator based on HTML and JavaScript.
FFMpeg have complicated parameters and might be hard to use without reading long docs or searching online.
The purpose of this project is to build a Light GUI to help users easier to generate common FFMpeg Code.

Here's a example use video of this tool.

https://youtu.be/FCc8aW7_MVQ

The video used a AVC code video generated by Sora and transcode to be a HVAC code video and the HVAC one saves about half of the file size.


## Updates
### V1.0.1
- fixed the video quality undefined bug
- add a demonstration video

### V1.0.0
- First Version

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Features
- Only generate command for FFMpeg.
- Web based, light and easy to open and use.
- Feature 3: Brief explanation.

## Installation
This is a project only based on HTML and JavaScript, you can directly download the source code zip file and unzip it.

### Prerequisites
To use the generated command, you might need to install FFMpeg on your own.
For this project, web Browser is required.
Chromium based browser like Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge are recommanded.

### Steps
Open index.html directly to start.
You can also use Git to clone the repository directtly and open index.html to start.
