*Note: This website uses locally hosted fonts obtained from Google Fonts, which are licensed under open-source licenses. For more details, please refer to the respective font license files.*

# Project Name
FFMpeg Command Generator

## Description
This Project provide a FFMpeg command generator based on HTML and JavaScript.
FFMpeg have complicated parameters and might be hard to use without reading long docs or searching online.
The purpose of this project is to build a Light GUI to help users easier to generate common FFMpeg Code.

Here's an example use video of this tool (v1.0.0):

https://youtu.be/YblYDCd-UpA?si=jwGoHe9jVG0xAN_c  
<br>  
The video used a H.264 code video generated by Sora and transcode to be a H.265 code video and the H.265 one saves about half of the file size.


## Updates
### v1.1.0
- Add simple transcoding mode and advanced transcoding mode options.
- Fixed bugs such as reset button not working.
- Add support docs.
- Packed by using Tauri Framework for Windows, MacOS and Linux.

### V1.0.1
- Fixed the video quality undefined bug.
- Add a demonstration video.

### V1.0.0
- First Version

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Features
- Only generate command for FFMpeg.
- Web based, light and easy to open and use.

## Installation
Download the release version you want and install it, or just download the source code and run index.html to start in a browser.

### Prerequisites
To use the generated command, you might need to install FFMpeg on your own.
For this project, web Browser is required.
Chromium based browser like Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge are recommended.

### Steps
Open index.html directly to start.
You can also use Git to clone the repository directly and open index.html to start.
